CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE  90  94  Our board of directors  Corporate governance report  104 Safety, health and environmental compliance committee report  107 Environmental sustainability committee report  109 Property supervisory committee report  111 Audit and risk committee report  117 Treasury committee report  119 Nomination and remuneration committee report  122 Directors’ remuneration report  134 Directors’ report  Annual Report and Accounts 2021   \\   Network Rail Limited   \\   89  \x0cCorporate governance  OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS  Sir Peter  Hendy CBE Chair  Andrew  Haines OBE Chief executive  Skills and experience Sir Peter was commissioner of Transport  for London (TfL) from 2006 to 2015. He  led the successful operation of London’s  transport for the 2012 Olympic and  Paralympic Games: his experience in  leading urban transport in a world city is  critical to chairing Network Rail. Sir Peter  is a past international and UK president  of the Chartered Institute of Logistics  and Transport, is a fellow of the Chartered  Institute of Highways and Transport, and  of the Institution of Civil Engineers. He was  knighted in the 2013 New Year’s Honours  List, having been made CBE in 2006  for services to public transport and the  community in London.  Current external appointments Chair of London Legacy Development  Corporation; trustee of the Science Museum  Group; trustee and director of the London  Transport Museum; chair of London Freight  Enforcement Partnership; patron of the  Independent Transport Commission;  Network Rail representative at the  Transport for the North; chair of the Euston  Partnership Board; and honorary president  of the London Bus Museum. He is currently  reviewing the connectivity of the United  Kingdom, reporting to the Prime Minister.  Committee membership Chair of the property supervisory  committee; nomination and remuneration  committee; safety, health and  environmental compliance committee.  Appointed to the Board: 2015  Skills and experience Andrew was previously chief executive officer of the Civil Aviation Authority  from 2009-2018. Prior to that he had a wide-ranging career within the rail  industry with British Rail, Railtrack, South West Trains and FirstGroup plc  where he led the rail division in England, Scotland and Wales. In addition,  he was a non-executive director at a rolling stock leasing company.   Andrew was awarded an OBE in the 2016 New Year Honour’s list for  services to transport and is a fellow of the Chartered Institute of Logistics  and Transport, the Royal Aeronautical Society, the Institute of Railway  Operators and the Permanent Way Institute.  Appointed to the Board: 2018  Jeremy  Westlake Chief financial  officer  Skills and experience Jeremy was formerly senior vice president for finance at Alstom Transport in  France, responsible for financial performance and control, project finance and  investor management.'